Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[uneasy music playing]
[train horn blowing]
-[dramatic sting]
-[loud rattling]
-[gasps]
-["Bad Moon Rising"
playing on radio]
-What was that?
-Nothing.
Okay. just give me
one little hint.
No. No hints.
We're almost there.
Okay. I'm going
to take this off.
No. no. no. Hey. you said
you like surprises.
Yeah. I do. When I know
what they are.
[laughs] You're going
to love it.
Promise.
Yeah. I already love the view.
♪ But it's bound
To take your life ♪
♪ There's a bad moon
On the rise ♪
[radio crackles]
["Ring of Fire"
playing on radio]
♪ Love is a burning thing ♪
♪ And it makes a fiery ring ♪
♪ Bound by wild desire... ♪
All right. Here we are.
♪ I fell into
A ring of fire... ♪
Watch your step.
[chuckling] I can't see.
Okay. Move forward. Stop.
Now taking it off.
Now.
[pleasant music playing]
Are you kidding?
How? I... I...
I didn't even know
this place was open yet.
I pulled some favors
and I got us on the list
for opening night.
-[gasps]
-[chuckles]
Wow. Uh...
Are you sure
I'm dressed all right?
You look like a million bucks.
Come on.
[exhales]
♪ And it burns. burns. burns
The ring of fire ♪
♪ The ring of fire ♪
Hey!
Don't steal coins
from the fountain.
It's bad luck.
-[kid] Sorry. sir.
-[guard] Go on.
[uneasy music playing]
Smile.
-Here's your ticket.
-[both] Thank you.
Hello. sir.
-Would you like a photo?
-[man] Thank you.
[Paul] Oh...
[mellow music playing]
[elevator operator]
Watch your step. everyone.
You coming?
We'll take the next one.
Ah. come on. We can fit you in.
Thanks.
[elevator operator] Going up.
[dings]
[doors creaking]
Oh. excuse me. Sorry.
It does that sometimes.
[clanging]
[elevator straining]
[uneasy music playing]
[breathes deeply]
[elevator operator]
Some fun facts about
the Sky View Tower.
It's 494 feet tall
and weighs over 9.000 tons.
It's made of steel
and reinforced
concrete and glass.
And even more impressive.
the entire project
was completed five months
ahead of schedule.
Is that a good thing?
[breathes deeply]
[breathes shakily]
[rattling]
[glass squeaks]
[exhales deeply]
[clanging]
-[chuckles]
-[clangs]
[uneasy music continues]
[elevator dings]
[mellow music playing]
Wow.
What did I tell you?
-Fancy.
-[maitre d'] Yes?
May I help you?
We have a reservation.
Campbell.
Oh. I'm sorry.
but we're already over capacity
for opening night.
We cannot accommodate you.
If you wouldn't mind
just stepping aside.
-Thank you so much.
-It's okay.
I worked it out with Jake.
Is he here?
I could speak with--
We let Jake go this morning.
Thank you so much.
-Uh. are you...
-What's going on?
One second. one second. Um...
Sir. I know you're
a very important man.
um. but maybe you could
help me out...
[continues indistinctly]
Please.
[maitre d']
You're tearing me apart.
But I'm sorry.
I can't help you.
Now. if you wouldn't mind...
Oh. Mr. Fuller!
How nice to see you.
We have a lovely table for you.
Thank you. This way. please.
-Let's go to the bar.
-What?
Just act natural.
[guests clapping]
[Iris] Wow.
Wow. Look at that view.
[creaking]
[wind whistling]
-Mmm-hmm.
-What?
Oh. no.
-You're scared of heights.
-What?
Oh. no. I'm just...
I've just never been
this high up before.
[chuckles]
I'm so sorry.
This night's turning into
such a disaster.
I really wanted it
to be perfect.
Hey.
It is perfect.
Because I'm with you.
-Ah! [winces]
-You okay?
-[guests clapping]
-Oh. I think I'll live.
Yeah?
-[cork pops]
-[guests cheering]
Hey. look. free champagne.
-That's my favorite kind.
-[chuckles]
-Coming right up.
-[both chuckle]
[woman] ♪ Got the feelin'
I'm a-fallin' ♪
♪ Like a star up in the blue ♪
♪ Like I was
Fallin' off Niagara ♪
♪ In a paddle boat canoe ♪
[breathes shakily]
♪ I got to feeling
I'm a-fallin' ♪
[voice fading] ♪ And it's all
Because of you ♪
[gasps softly]
-Okay.
-I'll be right back.
Excuse me.
Where's the ladies' room?
Other side of the dance floor.
♪ I thought that love
Could never touch me ♪
♪ Yeah. I was riding high ♪
♪ And then
My ivory tower toppled ♪
[clinking]
♪ And I tumbled from the sky ♪
♪ I got to feeling
I'm a-fallin' ♪
♪ Lover. you're
The reason why ♪
[singing fades]
[tense music playing]
[woman]
♪ You're the reason why ♪
♪ Ooh. you're the reason why ♪
[guests clapping]
[woman] Thank you.
We'll be right back.
[grunts]
Hi. sweetie. [chuckles]
Is everything all right?
I'm fine. Thank you.
-[exhales]
-How far along are you?
What?
Oh. No. I'm not...
[chuckles]
Um...
I don't know. exactly.
Maybe one or two months.
That's wonderful news.
Isn't it?
I haven't told
my boyfriend yet.
Does he love you?
Yes.
Then he won't let go.
-Thank you.
-Of course.
-Bye.
-Okay. It's almost over.
Okay.
Oh. There you are.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I think so.
Come on.
Let's get some fresh air.
[uplifting music playing]
[birds cawing]
[breathes deeply]
-I really need--
-I wanted to--
[both chuckle]
Uh... you go first.
Okay. [chuckles]
Um...
[coin clinking]
-[coin rattling]
-I was going to do this
at dinner.
but seeing as
we have this view...
-[wind blows]
-[woman gasps]
Hey! Don't throw that penny.
It could kill somebody.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
Of course. Yeah.
Fat ass.
Um. these past few years...
have been absolutely magical.
And that's. uh...
that's because of you.
Iris. I want to spend
the rest of my life with you.
[gasps softly]
You mean...
with us?
What?
Sorry.
[exclaims softly]
I...
I'm the luckiest guy
in the world.
What?
You're not upset?
Are you kidding me?
No. this... this is...
-This is incredible.
-Really?
We're going to start a family.
[both laughing]
Um... so...
will you?
Oh. uh... Yes. [laughs]
[exclaims. chuckles]
[Iris] Mmm. Uh...
-Is it too tight?
-Uh... it's perfect.
Hey. Let's go celebrate.
[chuckles]
[uneasy music playing]
[coin clinks]
[wind blows]
[coin clanging]
[metal straining]
♪ Well... ♪
-♪ You know you make me wanna ♪
-♪ Shout! ♪
-♪ Kick my heels up and ♪
-♪ Shout ♪
-♪ Throw my hands up and ♪
-♪ Shout! ♪
-♪ Throw my head back and ♪
-♪ Come on now ♪
-♪ Shout! ♪
♪ Don't forget to say
you will ♪
♪ Don't forget to say ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah
Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Say you will ♪
♪ Say it right now
Little baby ♪
-♪ Say you will ♪
-♪ Come on. come on ♪
♪ Say you will ♪
-♪ Say that you! ♪
-♪ Say you will ♪
-♪ Come on now ♪
-♪ Say ♪
-♪ Say that you love me ♪
-Say that you need me ♪
-♪ Say ♪
[clanging]
-♪ Come on now ♪
-♪ Say ♪
-♪ You know you make me wanna ♪
-♪ Shout! ♪
-♪ Lift my heels up
And shout ♪
-♪ Shout! ♪
-♪ Throw my head back and ♪
[metal straining]
-♪ Take it easy ♪
-♪ Shout! Shout! ♪
[gas hissing]
-♪ Shout! ♪
-♪ A little bit softer now ♪
-♪ Shout ♪
♪ A little bit softer now ♪
-♪ A little bit softer now ♪
-♪ Shout ♪
-♪ A little bit louder now ♪
-♪ Shout! ♪
-♪ Hey-hey-hey-hey ♪
-♪ Hey-hey-hey-hey! ♪
♪ Shout now
Jump up and shout now ♪
♪ Jump up and shout now ♪
♪ Everybody. shout now ♪
♪ Everybody. shout. shout
Shout. shout. shout ♪
♪ Shout. shout
[all screaming]
[screaming]
[metal clanging]
["Raindrops Keep Fallin'
on My Head" playing on radio]
♪ Raindrops keep falling
on my head ♪
[inaudible]
[woman screams]
♪ But that doesn't mean ♪
♪ My eyes will soon
Be turning red ♪
[Iris] Paul!
Grab my hand! Pull up!
[straining]
[Iris] Hold on!
No! Stay back!
-No. stay back!
-Wait! Help!
[groaning]
[Iris] Paul! Grab my hand!
-[Paul screaming]
-[Iris] No!
-No!
-[all screaming]
[intense music playing]
[screaming]
[gas hissing]
[gasps]
[screaming]
[intense music continues]
[grunting]
[screaming]
Everyone down the stairs!
Out of my way Children first!
-[man] Single file!
-[all clamoring]
[woman] Oh. my God!
[all screaming]
[gasps]
[both panting]
To the elevator!
[elevator creaking]
[clanging. rattling]
Excuse me. ma'am.
Please. I need to get
to the controls.
-[maitre d'] Move!
-[gasping]
Let me in.
Please. sir. Step back!
We're already over capacity!
I swear to God. move!
-Let me in!
-[metal straining]
[screaming]
[gasping]
[intense music continues]
[music stops]
[panting]
[rumbling]
[intense music playing]
-[grunts]
-[grunting]
[screaming]
-[bones cracking]
-[grunts]
[all screaming]
Help. please! Please!
Grab on! Grab on!
[screaming]
[screams]
[gasping]
[creaking]
[screaming]
[panting]
[laughs]
Help! Help!
[coughs]
Hey.
Come here.
[Iris gasps]
[Iris straining]
[both straining]
[Iris groaning]
[screaming]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
Well. I realize
vector multiplication
is scary.
but it's not that scary.
[students laughing]
All right. that's it for today.
We'll start prepping
for the final next week.
Ms. Reyes.
We need to talk.
Yeah.
[Paul's voice echoes]
We're going to start a family.
[guard]
Don't throw that penny.
It could kill somebody.
[elevator operator]
Everyone down the stairs!
-[gasping]
-[screams echoing]
[screaming]
[breathing deeply]
Oh. this dream
is ruining my life.
Mine. too.
Every night. Stef.
God. I'm not getting any sleep.
Shit. I'm sorry.
Um. can I tell you something?
Yeah. what's up?
So. the woman in my dream.
Her name is Iris. right?
Okay.
That was my grandmother's name.
I think I'm dreaming about her.
Are you serious?
Yeah. The thing is.
I never even met her.
I don't even know
if she's alive.
Okay. well...
either go home
and find out about Grandma
and hope that stops the dreams.
Or stay here and die
in your sleep for real.
[whispers] Because I will
murder you.
-[chuckles sheepishly]
-I'm sorry.
-Yeah. yeah. okay.
-Love you.
Yeah. Love you. too.
-Go home.
-Yeah.
Quietly.
[intriguing music playing]
-[screaming]
-[horns honking]
Mmm. [exhales]
Okay. Mmm!
Okay.
Hey. there she is!
-Hey. Dad.
-Welcome home. sweetie.
So glad you're here.
-Yeah. me. too.
-I missed you so much.
I know.
Oh. so great to see you.
-Thank you. thank you.
-Let me take that for you.
Hey. sorry. Charlie took
your room a while ago.
and my files are in his room.
so I made up
the pullout for you.
Is that okay?
Yeah. yeah. No. that sounds
totally fine.
Uh. hey. do we still have
that box of Mom's old stuff?
It had. uh. some photos.
like an address book
with phone numbers in it.
Uh. why do you want that?
Oh. it's not a big deal.
I just thought I saw it
lying around here somewhere.
Stefani. what's going on?
Okay. this is going to sound
really. really weird.
but I. uh...
I just need to find
Mom's mom. Iris.
[chuckles]
Uh... okay.
Yeah. that is weird.
And. you know.
I got rid of those boxes
years ago. after your mom left.
-Oh. hi. Charlie.
-[music plays over earphones]
-Hey.
-[music stops]
Um. "Hi. Stef. How are you?
It's so nice to see you."
Yeah. sure.
Uh. I'm going to the cousins.
Whoa. Now? Look. your sister
just got home.
-I thought we...
-Well. I had plans.
Actually. you know what?
I can drive you.
I was wanting
to see them anyways.
It's fine.
Hey. If you're going
to see your cousins.
please don't talk about Iris
to Uncle Howard.
Yeah. Yeah. no problem.
All right.
-Bye. Love you.
-[Marty] Love you. too.
-[music plays over earphones]
-Charlie?
Charlie... Can you just...
-Ow. Stef!
-...take these out. please?
I'm trying to talk to you.
What's your problem?
What?
You haven't said anything
this entire time.
Wha... [sighs]
Stef. why are you here?
I mean. you only
come home for holidays.
Okay. I have to
tell you something.
But you have to promise
not to tell Dad.
What. are you pregnant?
No. I'm not pregnant. Charlie.
-I don't know.
-Why would you even...
That's not...
I mean. you're in college.
Okay. can you just promise me
you won't tell Dad?
-Why would I tell Dad?
-It's serious. Charlie.
All right.
Okay. Um...
I am on academic probation.
Whoa.
[laughing]
What? Charlie. stop laughing!
If I don't get my grades up...
-It's kind of a big
moment for me.
-Stop!
This is kind of funny.
-Straight A's.
-I'm trying to have a...
You're a class president.
-Miss Valedictorian
is failing out of school.
-Charlie. it's not funny.
If I don't get my grades up.
I will lose my scholarship.
Oh.
-That blows. Sorry.
-Mmm-hmm.
What happened?
I mean. I can't sleep.
Every time I close my eyes.
I have this same recurring
nightmare about Iris.
Our grandmother. I don't...
I mean. it has
to mean something.
I don't know.
I dream weird things.
I dreamed a hot dog
ate me last night.
-What? That is...
-Like the hot dog
was eating me.
Okay.
[video game character yells]
Dude. can you
just do something?
Dude. calm down. all right?
-We'll find him.
-Just move a little bit.
I can't pause. all right?
It's an online match.
Are you serious?
I have to look under this.
Can you do me a kindness?
Fuck off.
[Bobby] You remember
what happened last time?
[Erik] It's a ranked match!
-What's going on?
-I can't find Paco.
[chuckles] Dude. again?
-When was the last time
you saw him?
-Wait. who's Paco?
No way! Hey. cuz!
Oh. my gosh.
Hey. can you help us look?
And just watch your feet.
where you're stepping.
Yeah. yeah. sure.
I just... I got to talk
to your dad first.
[Erik] What the fuck
you doing home?
Oh. dude. she's flunking
out of school.
-Charlie.
-Hey. welcome to the club.
Erik. dude.
have you looked anywhere?
Paco's not upstairs!
-Oh. But look who's down here.
-Hey. Julia.
-Oh. my gosh. I'm so sorry...
-How you been?
-Charlie!
-[Charlie] Jules.
There's my little Romeo.
So. wait. how did
the promposal with Jenny go?
-Dude. she said yes.
-Oh. my God. Stop.
-Okay. wait.
-Who's. uh... Who's Jenny?
Oh. he met her
in junior lifeguards.
Junior lifeguards?
Charlie. I didn't...
I didn't know you
were doing junior lifeguards.
-You didn't tell me that.
-Okay. so what
are you going to wear?
[Charlie] Uh. I'm just going
to keep it simple.
-You know. black blazer.
-[Julia] Okay.
-[Charlie] But with.
like. a fun bowtie.
-[Julia] Yeah. yeah. yeah.
[gasps] Stef! Stefani!
Oh. my gosh!
-Hi. honey.
-Hi. Aunt Brenda.
-How long are you here for?
-Uh. not long.
Is Uncle Howard around?
Yeah. Yeah. he's out back.
I'll get him.
[lawnmower whirring]
Howard! Stefani's here.
Come in!
-[powering down]
-[Howard] Great!
You look a little tired.
Is everything okay?
-[Stefani] Oh.
-Stefi! Look at you!
-Hey!
-Come here. come here.
Oh. sweetie.
Oh. so good to see you.
Hey. are you hungry?
I was just about
to make some lunch.
No. actually.
I came here because
I wanted to talk to you
about your mother. Iris.
I know you don't
like to talk about her--
There's not much to tell.
Hey. kids. come on. lunch!
It's just that
I've been having this
recurring nightmare about her.
[Brenda] Oh. honey.
It's probably just stress.
You should try melatonin.
Okay. but the weird thing is
I've been dreaming
about a real place
from 50 years ago.
It was. like. a restaurant
called the Sky View.
You know what it is.
Did... did Iris tell you
about it? Uh...
What did she say?
Did she say anything?
Maybe if I could talk to her--
Talk to who?
Oh. Stef is dreaming
about Grandma Iris.
-Ooh. Psycho Granny?
-I thought she was dead.
Well. she's dead to us.
Yeah. Stefi. Iris Campbell
is a very deeply
disturbed woman.
End of story.
Look. if I could
just talk to her.
then maybe...
maybe I can get
these dreams to stop.
Stef. just drop it.
I don't get it. What happened
that was so bad?
For one thing. she's the reason
that your mother
is so screwed up.
-What?
-Look. I just don't want to
talk about this anymore. okay?
Uncle Howard. please.
I just need to know.
[sighs] Look. Stefi.
After our father died...
Iris just... snapped.
She... she wouldn't
let us go to school.
She locked us inside the house.
She obsessed about
all the horrific ways
we could die.
And eventually it got so bad.
I mean. so bad...
that the State came in
and they took your mother
and I away from her.
But it didn't end there.
She tracked us
all through foster care.
and when the kids were born.
she started sending us
these horrible letters
that were full of obituaries
and these disturbing pictures
of dead bodies.
[Brenda] We had to move
so she couldn't
contact us anymore.
So. uh...
Do you still have
any of those letters. though?
I... [sighs]
Stefi...
Listen to me.
That woman is a sick
and dangerous person.
And for your well-being
and your safety...
stay the hell away from her.
I found Paco!
Mmm! Thank God!
I'm sure he'd love to be
in the living room right now.
-Wait. in here?
-[Charlie] He was
in the pantry.
-[Erik] Come on. guys.
Let's go.
-[Bobby] Chill. bro.
How did he even get in there?
I need you to help me.
You heard your uncle.
Just let it go.
You don't understand.
My whole life is falling apart
because of this dream.
And not only that.
I feel like...
I feel like I'm losing my mind.
Please. you are the only
person who can help me.
Howard would never forgive me
if I put you in touch
with Iris.
Please.
[sighs]
Whatever you do.
do not look
in the bottom drawer
of the dining room cabinet.
[intriguing music playing]
[music continues]
[engine stops]
[buzzing]
Hi. Um...
I'm here to see Iris Campbell.
[Iris] Did you
not see the signs?
Uh... Uh. yeah.
Yes. I did. but...
Then get the fuck out of here!
No visitors.
I'm your granddaughter.
Stefani.
Empty your pockets.
Phone. keys. everything.
I'm not dangerous.
It's not you I'm afraid of.
-[whirs]
-Uh...
[gate clanging]
[tense music playing]
[Iris] Come in slowly.
[door clanging]
Shut the door.
Quick. quick. quick!
Don't move.
Oh. my God.
It really is you.
I can see your mother in you.
[chuckles]
-Hi. I'm Stefani--
-[exclaims]
Stop! Stop. Don't move.
Not until I tell you.
Trying to trick me.
aren't you? [laughs]
Getting me to let my
guard down. [laughs]
There you go. Come on.
Come here. Sit.
-Okay. um...
-Sit.
That's it.
So... how is Darlene?
-Your mom okay?
-Oh. Uh...
No. I don't know.
She. uh...
She left when I was 10.
so we don't...
we don't see her anymore.
Oh.
But you saw my letters.
That's why you're here. right?
No. Um...
I'm actually here because
I've been dreaming
about the Sky View.
-What?
-Yeah.
Yeah. every single night
for the past two months.
It's the same dream.
In it. you're on a date.
but then
the dance floor breaks.
and there's an explosion
and then you--
Fall. And die.
Yeah. Yeah. everyone dies.
It wasn't just your dream.
It was my premonition.
Years ago. at the Sky View...
I got a glimpse into the future
and saw what Death
was about to do.
[screaming]
I was going to do this
at dinner.
but seeing as
we have this view...
-[wind blows]
-[woman gasps]
[guard] Hey!
Don't throw that penny.
It could kill somebody.
Oh. I'm so sorry. Of course.
Fat ass.
[Paul] These past few years
have been absolutely magical.
And that's all because of you.
No. no. no. I...
[breath trembling]
This isn't right. I...
Is that a no?
Everyone's going to die.
No. the whole building
is going to come down.
Are you serious?
-The penny.
-[Paul] Iris?
-Give me that!
-What the hell. lady?
-Give it to me!
-[Paul] What are you doing?
What the fuck
is wrong with you?
[man] ♪ Well... ♪
[Paul] Iris?
-♪ You know you make me wanna ♪
-♪ Shout ♪
-♪ Kick my heels up and ♪
[Iris] Move!
-♪ Throw my head back and ♪
-♪ Shout ♪
-♪ Come on now ♪
♪ Don't forget to say
You will ♪
♪ Don't forget to say ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah
Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
Stop playing! Stop playing!
Everyone needs to get off
the dance floor!
The glass is about to break.
-Everyone needs to get off now!
-Ma'am.
Wait! No!
Get off the dance floor!
-Iris!
-[Iris] You need to get off!
Get off!
[guests screaming]
[Iris] I saved a lot of
lives that night.
Lives that were never
meant to be saved.
They closed the restaurant
after that.
Said it needed
additional renovations.
But it never reopened.
Eventually they tore it down.
Wait. so you stopped
the disaster.
Yes.
[laughs]
But Death doesn't like it
when you fuck with his plans.
So. over the years.
he came back
and he killed everyone
who was there that night.
Including my Paul.
Wait a minute.
I'm sorry. Did you...
Did you say Death came back?
He's a relentless
son of a bitch.
Won't stop until
he finishes the job.
But I taught myself
how to see him coming.
To anticipate his every move.
I've been keeping him
at bay for years now.
But now he's got me. Cancer.
Oh. Uh...
-Believe that shit?
-Sorry.
Got the diagnosis
two months ago.
Wait. that's when
I started having my dream.
[Iris] See? It's a sign.
Okay. but why am I dreaming
about what you saw?
Maybe my cancer passed
my premonition onto you.
Maybe it's fate's demented
sense of humor.
Who the hell knows?
What matters is that
when the universe speaks.
you pay attention.
[sniffs]
[uneasy music playing]
[sizzling]
I see you. you fuck.
[scoffs]
Um. who...
-Who are you talking to?
-Death.
He thinks I'm distracted
because you're here.
I have to teach you
everything in this book.
It'll take some time
to learn the basics.
-so you'll need to stay here.
-Stay here?
The outside world
is too dangerous.
I haven't stepped out there
in 20 years.
In here. we can be safe.
Oh.
See that?
[chuckles nervously] Yeah.
[Iris] This is all my research.
My life's work.
Look. I'm... I'm sorry.
I can't...
I can't stay here.
I... I have to get
back to school.
but. you know. I'll come back
and I'll visit.
No. I'm sick!
I won't be alive that long.
You can't leave.
Don't you see?
Death is coming for our family.
Uh... [chuckles nervously]
You don't believe me.
No. Uh... um...
Uh. I think I made a mistake.
I think it was probably
just a dream.
No. wait.
At least take the book.
Stefani!
[inhales deeply]
[wind blowing]
[clinking]
[breathes deeply]
Stefani! Stop!
Look. I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have come here.
This book is a lifeline.
It will show you everything
you need to know
to keep our family safe.
[whimpers]
You still don't believe me.
Step back.
What? Why?
Seeing is believing.
-[clinking]
-[wind blows]
[sputters]
[whimpers]
[screaming]
[somber music playing]
Hey. Stef. Her face really
explode right in front of you?
-Is that like-- I'm--
-Erik!
Just leave her alone.
It's my bad. Stef.
I'm just curious.
Hey. How are you holding up?
[breath trembles]
I'm sorry. Uncle Howard.
You were right about Iris.
I never...
I never should've went there.
Honey. there's no need
to apologize.
I'm so sorry you had
to go through that.
She said something to me
before she died.
She said Death was coming
for our family.
That's...
That's crazy. right?
Oh. my God.
I can't believe it.
I emailed her.
I just didn't think
she'd show up. I...
Come on.
[Charlie] Is that. um...
Is that Mom?
Yeah.
[Howard] Darlene!
-Wow.
-[Darlene] Um...
I can come back.
[Howard]
Oh. don't be ridiculous.
Come on.
Get down here. Come here.
[Charlie] Think she'll come
to the barbecue?
Stef. Hey. wait up.
If she's going
to Uncle Howard's house.
then I'm not.
You can get a ride with Dad.
Uh... [scoffs] You're not even
going to talk to her?
Come on.
You don't remember her
like I do.
Just give her a chance.
Why? Charlie. she abandoned us.
and now she rolls in here
after all these years
and wants to act
like nothing happened?
Yeah.
Because who would
do that. right?
Wait. What?
-Nothing. Forget it.
-No.
No. What's that
supposed to mean?
I tried calling you
so many times. and nothing.
Same with Julia.
You used to be best friends.
You don't even talk anymore.
Okay. [stammers]
I'm sorry. I...
I've just been distracted
the last couple of months
because of this nightmare.
Okay. but what about
before that?
It's been like this
ever since you left.
You're mad at Mom.
but you haven't
been around either.
I'm not like her!
Okay?
I'm not crazy.
Yeah. you're right.
You're not crazy.
You just don't care.
[breathing shakily]
[intriguing music playing]
[wind chimes clinking]
[screaming]
["Escape
(The Pina Colada Song)"
playing on speakers]
[whirring]
♪ I was tired of my lady ♪
♪ We'd been together too long ♪
♪ Like a worn out recording ♪
♪ Of a favorite song ♪
♪ So while she
Lay there sleeping ♪
♪ I read the paper in bed ♪
[Julia grunts]
[sighs]
Now you got it.
Watch out for splinters.
♪ There was this letter
I read ♪
♪ If you like pina coladas ♪
♪ And gettin' caught
In the rain ♪
♪ If you're not into yoga ♪
Hey. there she is!
Hey. hey!
Come here. So glad you made it.
You know. I didn't think you
were actually going to come.
[Darlene] Thank you
for inviting me.
[Howard] Of course. Come on in.
Hey. everybody!
Come on! Come on over!
-I made cookies.
-That's great!
-Can I try one?
-Yes. of course.
Does this have peanut butter?
Yeah.
[scoffs] Are you trying
to kill my brother?
-Oh. my God.
Bobby's allergic.
-[Howard] Yeah.
[Darlene] I totally forgot.
I'm so sorry.
You know.
the most important thing
is that you're here. so...
Bobby Bartender. drinks!
Drinks all around!
[tense music playing]
Family.
You don't get to pick
the one you get...
just got to love
the one that you got.
[all chuckling]
Now. our mother...
she lived alone
until the day that she died.
And her death should
be a reminder to all of us
to enjoy life
and spend the time
that we have together.
Because we're not
going to get any back.
[voice breaks] I love you guys.
[Brenda] Aw.
Cheers to that! Cheers!
[all] Cheers!
-This is strong.
-[choking]
[Howard] What did you
put in there?
-Julia? Oh. Jules!
-[coughing]
Are you all right?
Oh. my God.
There was a bug in there.
[Bobby] Extra protein.
[coin clattering]
[horn honking]
[tense music playing]
-You on?
-[clangs]
Oh.
-I got it.
-I don't think you've got it.
Oh. it's coming.
[engines roaring]
Actually. I'm starting
a new lifeguarding job.
-[Darlene] That's great.
-Yeah.
[Bobby] Charlie!
Get up here!
[creaking]
[tense music continues]
[tense music building]
-Jeez! Whoa!
-[glass shatters]
-[laughs]
-[Brenda] Erik!
Ma. the grill's ready.
Mmm.
[crunching]
Mind if I join you?
[Darlene] Have a seat.
Take a load off.
[exhales] There we go.
It's quite the setup
you've got here.
Well. I wanted the kids
to have a happy childhood.
Unlike some people I know.
[both chuckle]
You're not talking
about us. are you?
-Oh. no.
-We had a great childhood.
-Mmm-hmm.
-I mean. look at me.
I turned out... fabulous.
[both laugh]
Yep.
Huh.
Howard.
-What?
-Come on. What is that?
It looks like
a house key to me.
Come on. You know
we've got the spare room.
I know.
And it's got to be better than
bouncing around trailer parks.
I don't think
this is a good idea.
It's never too late
for a second chance.
I'm sorry.
They're better off without me.
[line ringing]
Pick up. pick up. Come on.
-[phone vibrating]
-[trampoline creaking]
[Bobby] Okay. wait.
you bounce me
or I bounce you?
[Charlie] You're bouncing me.
you're bouncing me.
[breathing heavily]
[Bobby] Hey. Dad!
Come show us
your backflip!
What? No. no. no.
Yeah. come on. Uncle Howard!
[Bobby] Come on. Howard!
[all] Howard! Howard! Howard!
[Erik] Help him out.
help him out.
-Thank you.
-[chuckles]
-[Howard] Oh. yeah!
-There you go.
Stop stalling.
What's the worst thing
that could happen?
All right. Here we go.
Watch out.
[Darlene] Wait! Stop!
Oh. nice catch. Aunt D.
All right.
[Howard] All right. here we go.
[Bobby] Okay. Dad.
-[Howard] Let's do it.
-[Bobby] Stay away
from that edge.
[Charlie] Come on.
Uncle Howard.
[Bobby] There you go.
Just like college.
[Charlie] Yep. nice.
[Bobby] Mom. you watch this?
[Brenda] Careful. Howard.
-[clicks]
-[hissing]
[tense music playing]
[tires screech]
[Howard] Whoa!
Not taking out of there.
That's cheating!
Hey. Stefi!
-You made it!
-[Darlene] Stefani.
I'm glad you decided to come.
[Julia] Now watch the master.
Now the whole family's here!
[Bobby grunts. screams]
-[Erik laughs] Yeah.
-[Julia sighs]
I'm okay. I'm all right.
Whoa. good.
[screaming]
I'm okay. It's okay.
-[whirring]
-It's all right. Whoa.
-[grunts]
-[whirring]
[all screaming]
[screaming]
[scream echoes. fades]
[priest] The former things
have passed away.
Neither shall there
be mourning nor pain.
And he shall wipe away
every tear from their eyes.
And death shall be no more.
[intriguing music playing]
Hey.
[Charlie sobbing softly]
What is all this stuff?
[sighs] Okay.
I found these papers
in Iris' book.
They are obituaries
and articles
for the people who were
at the Sky View
on the night that
Iris had her premonition.
Each one of these people
went on to die
in some weird
and messed-up way.
And not only that.
they all died in the same order
as Iris' premonition.
Hundreds of people were
supposed to die that night.
but Iris stopped the disaster.
So. Death came back for them
one by one.
Since there were
so many survivors.
it took years for Death
to get to all of them.
But eventually it got to Iris.
I mean. she was the last
to die in the premonition.
It was her and the little boy.
But she was prepared.
She single-handedly
held off Death for decades.
Stefani. sweetie.
I don't think this is
the appropriate time for this.
Yeah. I mean.
none of this even has anything
to do with us. right?
-No.
-Why are we even here?
No. it has everything
to do with us.
I mean. because
Death took so long
to make its way through
the survivors.
these people went on
to have families.
Families that they never
should've had.
So Death took them. too.
I mean. don't you see this?
Death is coming for us
because we were never
supposed to exist.
Okay. so. what.
everybody in this room
is on Death's "hit list"?
-Bobby. stop.
-That's what she's saying.
No. no. no.
Dad and Aunt Brenda are safe
because they're not
part of Iris' bloodline.
Okay. following the pattern...
Death makes its way
down each branch by age.
So because Uncle Howard
was the oldest.
it'll start
with his family first.
Meaning. Erik. you're next.
Go fuck yourself.
Then it'll go for Julia.
then Bobby.
Then it'll come for our branch.
starting with Darlene.
then me. then Charlie.
[Erik] Charlie.
You buying this?
I don't know.
[Julia] This is so messed up.
I mean. you're turning
our dad's death
into some kind of fucked-up
conspiracy theory.
-What is wrong with you?
-No. no. no.
No. it's not
a conspiracy theory.
-Stef. enough.
-We're all going to die!
Stop! I can't listen to this
for one more minute.
That crazy woman's nonsense
has caused enough
pain and suffering
for this family.
Hang on. Aunt Brenda.
-please just listen.
-For God's sake.
leave it alone.
[Stefani] Okay. in Iris' book.
she mentions somebody
who cheated Death and survived.
Stefani.
-Come on.
-[Stefani] Erik. No. wait.
-I'm worried about you.
-Stop.
-Let me take care of this.
-[Julia] Come on. Bobby.
-Brenda.
-[Julia] Let's go.
-[Marty] Brenda. I'm sorry.
-[Stefani] No. no. no.
-[Marty] I didn't know.
-[Stefani] Please.
You believe me. right?
-[Bobby] I'm sorry.
-Julia.
Look. I love you.
But sometimes
I really hate you.
[door shuts]
[Stefani sobs softly]
[Darlene] I know how convincing
all of this can be.
But it's not real.
How can you say that?
I know Iris taught you
all of this.
Don't let my mom's beliefs
derail your life...
the same way they did mine.
Thank you so much
for that advice.
but I really don't
need a mom anymore.
All right. open wide.
-[girl] Ah...
-All right. good.
[heavy metal music playing
over speakers]
-This is going to pinch.
all right? You ready?
-Mmm-hmm.
Five. four. three...
[girl winces]
-[Erik] ...two. one.
-[girl groans]
-Good job.
-[door opens]
Ready to hit the club.
Need you to lock up.
And don't touch
any of my liquor.
No. no. you didn't say
anything about locking up.
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
-You didn't say shit
about closing. dude!
Yeah. cry me a river.
[Erik] I hope you burn in hell!
-Do you believe that shit?
-Mmm.
My old man just died.
I come in as a favor
to that asshole.
and now he wants me to lock up.
-Mmm.
-You know what that is?
-Mmm-hmm.
-Mmm.
-It's inconsiderate.
Anyway. you're all done.
[girl] Mmm-hmm. Thank you.
Of course.
Hey. five-star review. yeah?
Like and subscribe
and all the... things.
[sighs]
[exhales]
[volume increases]
[rattling]
[creaking]
[phone dings]
[rattling]
[heavy metal music continues]
[music stops]
["Without You" playing
on speakers]
♪ No. I can't forget
This evening ♪
♪ Or your face
As you were leaving ♪
♪ But I guess
That's just the way ♪
♪ The story goes ♪
♪ And now it's only fair
That I should let you know ♪
♪ What you should know ♪
[tattoo machine whirring]
♪ I can't live ♪
♪ If living is without you ♪
♪ I can't give anymore ♪
♪ I can't live ♪
[rattling]
♪ If living is without you ♪
♪ I can't give ♪
I can't give anymore ♪
[rattling]
♪ No. I can't forget
This evening ♪
♪ Or your face
As you were leaving ♪
[glass shatters]
♪ But I guess that's just ♪
♪ The way the story goes ♪
Oh. God damn it.
♪ But in your eyes
your sorrow shows ♪
♪ Yes. it shows ♪
[creaking]
Ah... Ah...
♪ I can't live
If living is without you ♪
[Erik chuckles]
♪ I can't give ♪
[scoffs] What the fuck?
♪ I can't give anymore ♪
[Erik] Come on.
[groaning]
Come on.
[gasps] Okay. okay.
Okay. come on.
[groaning]
Shit!
♪ I can't live ♪
♪ If living is without you ♪
[groaning]
[screaming]
♪ I can't give
I can't give anymore ♪
[grunting]
Shit!
[gasping]
♪ I can't live ♪
[gasps]
[laughs]
[gasps. grunts]
[screams]
-[sizzling]
-[grunts. screams]
[screaming]
Charlie. wake up.
Charlie. wake...
Charlie. wake up!
I've been trying
to call Erik all night.
He's not answering me.
I don't know where he is.
I'm worried.
I'm sure he's fine.
Well. have you heard from him?
[sighs]
I'm going over there.
I need to check on him.
And you're coming.
too. Charlie!
-[line beeps]
-[Charlie sighs]
-It keeps going to voicemail.
-[phone dings]
Is that him?
My friend just said
the tattoo parlor
burned down last night.
What?
-Stef. Stef. Stef!
-[tires screech]
Ow!
You trying to kill me?
Erik?
Oh. yeah. no.
of course it's you.
[sighs]
Dude!
We heard about the fire.
We thought you were dead.
I'm fine.
Oh. my God. Are you okay?
I was so worried about you.
Yeah. The firefighters said
I was lucky as fuck
that I was wearing
that leather jacket.
Barely got burned.
Ruined my favorite
jacket though.
-[Stefani] What is this?
-Oh. yeah. check it out.
I got branded.
It's sick. right?
You like it?
You said you were asleep.
You were blowing up my phone
like a goddamn stalker.
What did you want me to do?
No. I don't get it.
You should be dead.
Right. Yeah. yeah.
Or. you know. maybe...
Maybe Death's not actually
coming for our family.
[scoffs] Because that
would be fucking crazy.
Jesus!
-[horn honking]
-Shit!
Or maybe I'm invincible.
-[chuckles]
-Erik.
Erik!
-[Erik] Yeah?
-[Stefani] Erik. wait.
-Stop. just wait. okay?
-[Erik] Mmm-hmm.
Just because Death
didn't kill you last night.
doesn't mean that you're safe.
Stay away from
that tree trimmer!
Ooh... Ooh!
Is it going to move
on its own. Stef?
Is that what it's going to do?
[stammers] It could fall.
And stay away from these kids.
I'll take my chances.
Stef. how's a couple kids
with a soccer ball
going to kill him?
I mean. I don't know.
The trimmer could fall
and hit the leaf blower guy.
which causes him to...
blow stuff into the kids' eyes
and then kick the ball
into his face.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Soccer ball to my face?
That does sound deadly.
I should be more careful.
-[Julia] Hey!
-What's up?
What happened to you?
Charbroiled by Death.
apparently.
-Kiki. that looks really bad.
-Yeah. it's fine.
No. wait. Let me see that.
-Erik. just stay away
from the truck.
-Stop.
-Oh. what. this truck?
-Stop!
Oh. my God.
[Stefani] Please.
-This truck right here?
-[Stefani] Please just
listen to me for one...
But it's such
a beautiful truck.
[Stefani] Please.
Stop. stop. Don't touch...
-Mwah!
-[Stefani] Erik. get away!
Stop!
-[Erik] You like that?
-Can you just...
Oh. my God.
Oh! Uh-oh.
Oh. Erik's tempting
Death again.
What's going to happen?
-Stop doing that!
-What is going to happen?
[truck hisses. honks]
-Nothing at all.
-[Stefani] Please. just...
How about that?
-Look. I'm just trying
to help you.
-Okay.
Try less.
Yeah. Honestly.
we are so done with
your garbage.
-Can you please--
-Okay. for
the 1.500th time.
no one gives a shit
about your stupid little
Death curse. okay?
So take a hint
and leave us alone
because Death's
not coming for our family!
[Julia screams]
[gasping]
-[screams]
-Julia!
Shit.
-[Stefani] Julia!
-[Erik] Julia!
-[Charlie] Julia!
-Julia!
Stop the truck! Stop the truck!
-[Julia grunting]
-[Erik screaming]
[groans]
-[whirring]
-[Julia whimpering]
[screams]
-[Charlie] Stop the truck!
-[Erik] Hey! Hey!
[Charlie]
Stop the fucking truck!
[Erik] My sister's
in the garbage!
["Stronger
(What Doesn't Kill You)"
playing over headphones]
♪ What doesn't kill you
Makes you stronger ♪
♪ Stand a little taller ♪
♪ Doesn't mean I'm lonely
When I'm alone ♪
♪ What doesn't kill you
Makes a fighter ♪
♪ Footsteps even lighter... ♪
[gasping]
[whirring]
[Julia whimpering]
-[grunts]
-[Julia] Help!
-Julia?
-[Julia] Stef!
Give me your hand!
I got you!
Don't worry. you're not next!
Whoa! Whoa!
-[Charlie] Help!
-[Erik] Hey. stop! Stop!
-Stop!
-Stop! Stop!
-[tires screeching]
-[Julia gasps]
-[Charlie] Stef!
-My sister's in the back!
-[whirring]
-[screaming]
[grunts]
[screams]
-[whistling]
-[scream fades]
[sobbing]
[somber music playing]
[Marty sighs]
-[Marty] I'm so sorry. sweetie.
-Dad.
We should've
believed you. Stef.
[Stefani] No. I. uh...
I screwed up the order.
and now Julia's dead
and it's my fault.
Guys. look.
What happened
was traumatic and awful.
-It's not anybody's fault.
-Marty. please don't.
It's my fault.
Mom. it's not your fault.
It is my fault.
Stefani. you were only
wrong about the order
because there is something
you didn't know.
Erik isn't Howard's
biological son.
I'm sorry. What are you
talking about?
And. Stefani.
I didn't believe you.
so I didn't say
anything to you.
and now my little girl is dead.
I don't understand.
What. you had an affair?
Your father and I were having
such a hard time...
but it was good
because I got you.
-I got you out of it.
-Who's my real dad then?
Who's my real dad?
It doesn't matter because
Howard loved you
so. so much.
[Erik] Who is it?
[whimpers]
Who's my real dad?
Jerry Fenbury.
Oh!
Jerry Fenbury?
[Brenda] Yes.
Oh. shit.
-No. no. no!
-[Brenda] Erik.
Jerry fucking Fenbury?
You don't know what
we were going through.
Oh. God! What. is this
why he always wanted
to play catch?
[Brenda] Oh. my God.
[door slams shut]
[Bobby] Okay.
All right. so. that means that.
if it's going in the right
order. that...
I'm next. right?
You got to help me. Stef.
Bobby. I don't...
I don't think that I can.
I mean. I thought I did.
but I don't know--
No. But you can.
I mean. you predicted exactly
what was going to happen.
You just got the order wrong
because you didn't
have all the information.
-Charlie.
-What do you mean "predicted"?
She saw everything.
The trimmer. the blower.
the soccer ball. Like...
It was like there were
pieces to a puzzle.
She just had
to put them together.
-You know what I mean?
-Is that true?
[Marty] Darlene. please.
-Do not encourage this.
-Marty.
[Stefani] I mean...
I mean. it's everything
in Iris' book. it's...
It's like an equation.
It's math.
Stefani. if you can see
how all of this fits together.
we might have a chance.
[Marty] Stop. Just stop.
[Darlene sighs]
You devastated this family
when you walked out.
But we've been okay
without you.
I'm begging you
not to traumatize
our kids anymore.
It's real this time.
[Marty] I'm going for a walk.
I need some air.
[door closes]
I can appreciate that...
our family is clearly
going to need
some counseling in the future.
but can we focus on the fact
that we're all
about to die. right?
I mean...
I mean. Stef.
didn't you say that...
that Iris...
knew someone that cheated
death or something?
Yeah. uh...
In here. somewhere.
It says...
that. uh... Right here.
"JB found someone
who survived."
But it doesn't say anything
about who this JB was or--
Wait a minute.
I know that name.
My mom used to
write me letters.
and she sometimes would talk
about a friend of hers named JB
who worked at a hospital.
Hospital.
[Darlene] Um... um...
Something. uh...
Something River Hospital. Uh...
Deep River. Uh...
Peace River Hospital.
Uh. Clear River...
-Hope River?
-That's it!
[Charlie] Shit. it's like
an hour away.
I'm going.
I'm going to go find him
and talk to him myself.
Well. I'm coming with you.
-Me. too.
-Okay. Yeah. yeah.
let's go.
Bobby. uh...
What?
You need to stay here
with your mom. It's safer.
Yeah. fuck that.
Are you kidding me?
I'm not staying here by myself.
Well. it's too dangerous
on the road for you.
You can't.
No. I read Gammy's Death Book.
okay? All right?
I mean. there's.
like. a thousand
house-related deaths
in that thing. man.
You trip down the stairs.
fall... down a toilet
or something.
I don't know.
but I'm not... I'm not...
No way. I'm not staying here.
-Hang on. hang on.
-Hey. okay.
-Okay.
-Too fast.
Okay. okay. We'll go slow.
We'll go slow.
I'm going to go
open up the truck.
-Charlie. check the back.
-Got it.
Be careful.
The step's slippery sometimes.
-[door opens]
-[Erik] Oi!
Any of you fuckers
do a nut check?
Excuse me?
You made cookies in that thing
with peanut butter in them
just a few days ago.
This poor bastard so much
as even touches a nut.
his throat is going
to close up tighter than...
You understand.
Where's the peanut butter?
-Cabinet above the sink.
-[Erik] Thank you.
I'm so sorry. Bobby. I just...
Yeah.
Hey. Okay.
All clear.
Thank you.
You're a good brother. Erik.
-Nut check.
-[Bobby] What?
-[groans]
-Stupid.
[Bobby groans]
[Bobby] It was good. I get it.
[Charlie] Let's go. Come on.
[Bobby] It's only
going to get worse.
God damn it.
Wait! I'm coming with you. bro.
Someone's got to protect you.
["Spirit in the Sky" playing]
♪ When I die
and they lay me to rest ♪
♪ Gonna go to
the place that's the best ♪
[Charlie sighs]
Dad's calling. Again.
[Stefani] Tell him we just
went for a ride with Mom.
He's not going to believe that.
At least
it'll buy us some time.
All right.
If Death doesn't get us.
your dad will.
[chuckles softly]
I always keep them
where I can see them.
I mean. you could've
just had the real thing.
but it's okay. not everyone
wants to be a mom.
Is that what you think?
That I didn't want
to be your mom?
[exhales]
Look. I was raised by a woman
who taught me
to see Death everywhere.
I thought I could
put it behind me.
but then when I had
you and your brother.
all I could see were
a hundred different ways
that you and Charlie could die.
I didn't want you
to leave the house.
I would freak out
on you guys over nothing.
One day. I looked at your face
and I saw the same
scared little girl
that I was. growing up.
and I knew that if I stayed.
I was going to ruin your life.
I have no idea
if I did the right thing.
But I'm here for you now.
[upbeat song continues]
[song fades]
[uneasy music playing]
[Stefani] It's okay.
I'm right behind you.
Hey. Now you see. buddy.
We got you.
[Darlene] The front desk
is this way.
Oh. Hi.
Uh... we're looking for JB.
And who are you?
The front desk told us
we could find him down here.
Is that you?
[man] That would be me.
William John Bludworth.
But my friends call me JB.
I've been waiting
for you. Stefani.
Charlie. Darlene.
But no Howard. no Julia.
So. which one of you is next?
Hi.
I was sorry to hear about Iris.
She was a special woman.
How did you know her?
She saved my life.
When?
At the Sky View.
My mother brought me
with her to work that night.
JB. honey. I told you.
you got to stay back there
while I'm on stage.
[JB] I wasn't
supposed to be there.
except. of course. to die.
-♪ You know
You make me wanna ♪
-♪ Shout ♪
-♪ Kick my heels up and ♪
-♪ Throw my hands up and... ♪
-[Iris] Stop playing!
Stop playing!
Everyone needs to get off
the dance floor!
The glass is about to break.
Everyone needs to get off now!
Wait! No!
[Paul] Iris!
You were the last to die.
You were the little boy.
Correct.
So. all that time.
she wasn't...
She wasn't just
protecting our family.
she was protecting you. too.
Years later.
she tracked me down.
Helped me see the truth.
We traded ideas.
I helped her fortify her cabin.
We became friends.
I even helped her get
the best medical care I could.
considering her condition.
Iris said that
you found somebody
who stopped Death and survived.
[JB] Yes.
Uh. and how do we do that?
[JB] There are only two ways.
By killing or by dying.
If you take a life.
you get the time
that person had left.
What? No! [stammers]
I'm not going to kill someone.
Maybe we should
let the guy finish.
And to truly break the cycle.
you have to die.
[Stefani] What...
What does that mean?
A long time ago. a young woman
named Kimberly Corman
found herself on Death's list.
Just like you.
And when her turn finally came.
she died.
Flatlined.
But her doctor managed
to bring her back.
and that broke the chain.
All right then. we'll do that.
What are you talking about?
Uh... why didn't
Iris try that?
It's risky.
And if you fuck
with Death and lose.
things can get very messy.
Wait. Hang on. hang on.
Okay. wait. No.
There has to be another way.
Please. you have to help us.
For years. people have been
coming to me for advice.
Well. I'm tired.
I'm done with all that.
And now I'm sick.
just like Iris.
There's no running this time.
The fact is.
you're all going to die.
And after that. I will. too.
Now that my old friend
is gone. I'm retiring.
-So. what. you're just
gonna leave us here?
-Wait. wait. wait!
[Charlie] Dude.
we need your help.
[Bobby] Where are you going?
I intend to enjoy
the time I have left.
And I suggest
that you do the same.
Life is precious.
Enjoy every single second.
You never know when.
Good luck.
[JB whistling]
Well. that's fantastic.
[Stefani] No.
-No. that...
-Bobby.
That can't be it. No.
No. there...
There has to be something here.
There has to be another answer.
Stef. Stef.
Stef. he gave us an answer.
Bobby's got to die.
[Charlie] Erik!
Are you fucking insane?
-We're not killing Bobby!
-[Erik] Whoa. whoa!
Am I the only guy that
just listened to that dude?
There's only one way.
We kill Bobby.
we resuscitate him.
and then. boom.
you're all off Death's list.
Congratulations.
There has to be
something else. right?
I mean. there has to be
another solution. right. Stef?
No.
No. there's nothing else
we can do. okay?
It's over.
[softly] Hey.
[Darlene] Stefani.
listen to me.
You got to trust me
on this one. okay?
She's giving up on you.
I'm not going to.
Look. Iris found a way
to hold Death off for decades.
-So will we.
-[Erik] I trust that guy.
You trust that guy?
-He was...
-That just went there?
He was awfully charismatic.
and you know that
as well as I do.
[somber music playing]
[sighs]
Uh...
Erik and Bobby are gone.
Shit. Shit!
I don't think I like this.
Hey. dude.
we're in a hospital. remember?
There's doctors everywhere.
We kill you.
they bring you back.
everybody's safe. we're heroes.
Dude. that is
literally the opposite
of keeping me safe.
What's the alternative. huh?
You want to kill someone.
take the time they have left?
How? How do you even know
how many years they have?
[baby crying]
-No. No.
-No. Not good with that.
-Well. I mean...
-No.
-No. of course not.
-We wouldn't do that.
-No. we would never.
-Don't touch those babies.
Look. bottom line... [sighs]
flatlining is your best option.
What do you have to lose?
-Okay.
All right. how would
we even do that?
See. I've got an idea.
But it's a little nuts.
[intriguing music playing]
Your allergy is deadly. right?
[Bobby] Yeah.
Well...
Hey. dude. wait.
No. look. all right?
If I'm going out.
it's not going
to be on those...
what. unsalted bitches.
all right?
Give me those.
Nice choice.
[whirring]
Oh. you got to be kidding me.
Come on!
-Hey.
-Stupid!
-All right.
-Come on!
You know. maybe this is a sign.
so we can just...
[groans]
Okay. Hey. dude.
maybe we can just bail now.
No. I'm not giving up.
-[grunts]
-[metal scraping]
-What the hell?
-Can you help?
It's all right.
We work here. [chuckles]
Maintenance. It's fine.
Put your headphones back on.
Dude. it's going to fall.
It's going to fall.
[Bobby] Oh. my! It's falling!
-[Erik] Did you get it up?
-I can't hold it!
It's going to fall!
-[grunting]
-[metal scraping]
[clangs]
Easy work.
Now what?
Come with me. Come with me.
[Bobby] What?
[Erik] Hey. hang here.
I got to get something.
-Don't move.
-What are you talk...
[beeps]
[machinery powering up]
[Bobby] Okay. Don't move.
[tense music playing]
[faint whirring]
No. that's... that's cool.
I searched the bathrooms.
They weren't in the RV?
No. Look. if Erik
was trying to kill Bobby.
where would they be?
I don't know.
but there's a million ways
to die in a hospital.
[doctor] Can I help you?
Excuse me.
No. just here to see my nana.
Lovely day today.
Got much time left?
I think so.
[announcer] Be sure to remove
all metallic belongings
and devices that could interact
with the MRI's powerful magnet.
[phone vibrating]
Hey. uh. dude.
-Charlie's trying to call...
-Here. man. give me that.
Here. come on.
Sit down. Sit. sit. sit.
What the hell?
No. I'm not sitting in that.
Well. I've got a great idea.
Okay. there's an ER
down the hall.
So. as soon
as you flatline. boom.
I'm going to wheel
your ass down there
and they're going
to bring you right back.
Hey. where's your EpiPen?
-It's right here.
-Give it to me.
Why?
-[beeping]
-[whirring continues]
-What is that?
-Dude. give it. Give it.
Listen. the whole idea
is you have to die.
Remember. this keeps
you alive. Now sit.
Dude. we need to hurry.
-Come on. Go.
-All right. all right.
All right. eat up.
Hey. man. um...
The plan's great. but.
you know.
if it doesn't work out...
It's going to work. Bobby.
Yeah.
Yeah. but. you know.
just in case.
and I die for real...
will you just. um...
Will you look after Paco?
Yeah. yeah. of course
I'll look after--
Dude. I'm just saying. I mean.
turtles live to be. like.
100 years old.
and it's a lifetime commitment.
Look at me. Look at me.
Brother. I'm not going
to take care of Paco
because you are going
to be okay.
Me and you.
we are going to fix things
for everyone right now.
Look at me.
I promise you. I'm not going
to let you die.
Technically. I'm going
but I'm going
to bring you back.
-Dude. it's not funny.
-I'm just fucking with you.
Come on.
You got this.
[uneasy music playing]
Oh. my God.
What?
That's really good.
It's very good. I know.
So. what. other than good.
what are you feeling?
Nothing.
You got to be kidding me.
What. are you telling me
you're not allergic anymore?
-I don't know. man.
-This is perfect. isn't it?
Maybe I grew out of it.
What. grew out of it? Fuck!
You know. I don't have
a plan B exactly.
[Bobby chokes]
Hey. dude.
Hey. hey. you're doing it.
-Bobby. you're doing it.
-[choking]
Hey. I'm here with you.
-[coughs]
-I'm here with you.
Hey. hey. I can't
give you that. okay?
-[coughs]
-Bobby. Bobby. Hey.
-Hey!
-[choking]
-[beeping]
-[Erik] Please.
Bobby. this is all
part of the plan.
-Just calm down.
-[alarm beeps]
Bobby. in the wheelchair.
Try calling them again.
[line ringing]
This is the only way
we can do...
-[phone vibrating]
-[gasps]
[machine beeps. chimes]
-[beeping]
-[whirring continues]
[warbling]
-[clanging]
-Ow! [screaming]
[gasping]
Ah! Fuck!
-[beeping]
-[choking]
[beeping]
[screaming]
[grunts]
[gasping]
[beeping]
-[metal clanging]
-[Erik screaming]
-[beeping]
-[Erik gasping]
[grunting]
[screaming]
[gagging]
[choking]
[beeping]
[gasps]
[beeping rapidly]
[alarm chiming]
[gasping]
[screams. gasps]
[doctor] Oh. my God.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
[grunts]
[screaming]
[gagging]
[gasping]
[somber music playing]
[Charlie sobbing softly]
Why is Erik dead
if he's not related to Iris?
When you fuck with Death.
things get messy.
We have to get out of here.
It's not safe.
And go where?
Nowhere is safe.
Except Iris' cabin.
She was able to survive
there for decades.
Yeah. and then she got
her face blown off.
She only died because
she left the cabin.
Outside is dangerous.
but inside is the safest place
that there is.
You're right.
It's the only place where
we have any advantage.
So we just lock ourselves
in a cabin forever?
Not you.
Me.
Mom. you can't leave.
We just got you back.
If anybody's going to live
in that cabin. it's me.
And as long as I am alive.
Death can't touch you.
-Mom.
-Let me do this.
He'll never let you
get there on your own.
But I can see him coming.
We have to do this together.
Okay.
Let's go.
Yep.
Okay.
-Watch out!
-[horn honking]
[tires screeching]
-[gasping]
-[horn honking]
[both panting]
-You should drive.
-Yeah.
[tense music playing]
[Charlie] Holy shit.
Look at this place.
It's going to be impossible
to get through that gate.
[wind blowing]
[clinking]
[rattling]
[tense music playing]
He's about to make a move.
I don't know what it is.
We need to get you inside now.
Okay.
Wait. Wait. what?
[wind blowing]
[creaking]
[Darlene] Go!
[Charlie] Stef!
-[gasping]
-[grunting]
-[Darlene] Stef!
-Shit!
-[Stefani grunts]
-[tires screeching]
[all laughing]
[Stefani] Okay.
Let's get inside.
Okay. [panting]
-Shit.
-What?
-I can help.
-No. no.
Don't wait for me.
-Just get inside.
-Stef.
If you get inside.
I'll be safe. Go.
Okay. Come on.
[wind blowing]
[tense music continues]
-[exhales]
-[straining]
-Mom.
-[gas hissing]
Get down!
[screams]
[muffled grunting]
[gasps]
[yells. panting]
[Charlie] Mom? Mom!
[straining]
Wait.
[grunting]
[straining]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
Okay. okay.
[straining]
[screaming]
[creaking]
[muffled grunting]
[both straining]
[both panting]
Mom? Oh. my God.
Don't worry about me.
Go save your sister.
I'm going to stay alive
as long as I--
[Charlie gasps]
[whimpering]
[tense music playing]
Stef!
-[muffled grunting]
-[gasping]
[muffled scream]
[screaming]
[breathing heavily]
[muffled grunting]
No! No!
[music fades]
[coughing]
Oh. my God. Are you okay?
Yeah.
Just breathe. Breathe. Breathe.
[panting]
How?
Charlie. What happened?
You're okay.
You died
and I brought you back.
[sobbing]
You brought me back.
[laughs]
We're safe now.
Mom?
No. No.
She saved us.
[sobbing]
[melancholy music playing]
Let's go home.
[music fades]
[pleasant music playing]
[door closes]
[Charlie] All right. I'm ready.
Well. there he is.
Wow. Okay. Charlie.
All right. Give us a spin.
Mmm-hmm.
[chuckles] Oh. Mmm-hmm.
You look really good.
I have a great stylist.
Come on.
we're going to be late.
[laughter]
Where's Jenny?
I think she's still inside
getting ready.
Here. let me fix this.
I'm really happy
I could be here for this.
Me. too.
[Stefani winces]
You okay?
Yeah.
[tense music playing]
-Hi.
-Hello.
Could I have
one cookie. please?
[tense music continues]
[whirring. clanging]
[train horn blowing]
[dramatic sting]
Charlie.
-Looking sharp.
-Thank you. sir.
Stef. I want you to meet
Jenny's dad. Dr. Reddick.
-Hey. Nice to meet you.
-Hi.
You. too.
We just adore Charlie.
And I understand
he's quite the lifesaver.
Oh. yeah. You heard about that.
He brought me back
from the dead.
Mmm.
Huh?
Yeah.
-What?
-Well. technically.
you weren't dead.
What?
Well. I mean.
if you were unconscious.
and Charlie got you
breathing again.
then your heart didn't stop.
But regardless.
way to go. Charlie.
-So she wasn't dead?
-[Dr. Reddick] Exactly.
[uneasy music playing]
[Marty] She was lucky
Charlie was there.
[Dr. Reddick] Yep. Everything
happens for a reason.
[woman] Jenny!
[inaudible conversations]
[chimes clinking]
[Dr. Reddick] Sweetie.
you look like a million bucks.
[breathing shakily]
[horn blowing]
Stef.
Run!
[metal clanging]
[grunts. screams]
[coughing]
Oh. my God. that was close.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
[Stefani gasps]
-♪ You know
You make me wanna ♪
-♪ Shout ♪
-♪ Kick my heels up and ♪
-♪ Throw my hands up and ♪
-♪ Shout ♪
-♪ Throw my head back and ♪
-♪ Come on now ♪
-♪ Shout ♪
♪ Don't forget to say
You will ♪
♪ Don't forget to say ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah
Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Say you will ♪
♪ Say it right now. baby ♪
♪ Come on. come on ♪
♪ Say you will ♪
♪ Say that you! ♪
♪ Come on now ♪
-♪ Say ♪
-♪ Say that you love me ♪
-♪ Say that you need me ♪
-♪ Say ♪
-♪ Say that you want me ♪
-♪ You wanna please me ♪
-♪ Say ♪
-♪ Come on now ♪
-♪ Come on now... ♪
[tense music playing]
[somber music playing]
[music stops]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm